Remove zero start value and explain alternative. (#3226)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/classes.tex

The definitions use \lstinline!RealType!\indexinline{RealType}, \lstinline!IntegerType!\indexinline{IntegerType}, \lstinline!BooleanType!\indexinline{BooleanType}, \lstinline!StringType!\indexinline{StringType}, \lstinline!EnumType!\indexinline{EnumType} as mnemonics corresponding to machine representations.
These are called the \firstuse[primitive type]{primitive types}.

> \begin{definition}[Fall-back value]\label{def:fall-back-value}\index{fall-back value}

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be written without hyphenation?
```suggestion
\begin{definition}[Fallback value]\label{def:fallback-value}\index{fallback value}
```

Reviewer 2: I agree that it should be "fallback".

> In situations where the \lstinline!start!-attribute would apply if provided, but the attribute is not provided, the \emph{fallback} shall be used instead.

Reviewer: It seems like we shouldn't refer to it simply as _fallback_:
```suggestion
In situations where the \lstinline!start!-attribute would apply if provided, but the attribute is not provided, the \emph{fallback value} shall be used instead.
```

> When the start-value is needed and the \lstinline!start!-attribute is not provided, the fall-back value is used instead.
> The fall-back value can be be used as guess-value in system of equations and when initializing variables in algorithm sections.

Reviewer: It becomes wrong to say that the start-value is needed if it is perfectly fine to use the fallback value instead.
```suggestion
In situations where the \lstinline!start!-attribute would apply if provided, but the attribute is not provided, the \emph{fallback} value may be used instead.
Use is restricted to guess-values in systems of equations and initialization of variables in algorithm sections.
```

So we don't allow it for adding equations to the initialization problem?

Author: Hmm... Actually we should allow it for the initialization problem as well. In particular for non-clocked when-statements it makes a lot of sense to forget to give them a start-value and using the fallback value (especially in the common case where it is 0). Reformulating - in particular to ensure that the default case is handled as previously where start=0 was present.

> The fall-back value for variables of the different predefined types are defined below.

Reviewer: Hyphenation(?), and plural:
```suggestion
The fallback values for variables of the different predefined types are defined below.
```

The \lstinline!nominal! attribute is meant to be used for scaling purposes and to
define tolerances in relative terms, see \cref{attributes-start-fixed-nominal-and-unbounded}.

> As a fall-back if there is neither value nor start-value then the closest value to \lstinline!0.0! consistent with the bounds (as default \lstinline!0.0!) shall be used.

Reviewer: There seems to be a missing context for "fall-back" here.  Fall-back for what?  Perhaps something along the lines of this:
```suggestion
When the \lstinline!start!-attribute is not provided, the fall-back value for use in algorithm initialization etc is the closest value to \lstinline!0.0! consistent with the bounds (as default \lstinline!0.0!) shall be used.
```

Then, all places relying on this fall-back should also be updated, and the "etc" part should probably be expanded.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I understand this sentence if I ignore the part in the brackets: "(as default \lstinline!0.0!)" But I am not sure what "as default \lstinline!0.0!" is trying to say.

Reviewer: Isn't it just an attempt at pointing out that the number closest to 0.0 will be 0.0 if there are no constraints (which is the default).

Author: It's attempting to state the rather obvious fact that if min and max aren't specified the closest value to 0.0 consistent with min&max is 0.0 (!). It might be simpler to just remove it.

Reviewer 2: My preference would be to remove it.

Reviewer: I note that the way we write "etc" is far from consistent, with lots of both "etc" and "etc.".  I think it should be with a period, and it seems we need a note in the style guide considering the current inconsistency (in addition to actually changing all cases to the proper form).

Combined with @eshmoylova's suggestion, this gives:
```suggestion
When the \lstinline!start!-attribute is not provided, the fallback value for use in algorithm initialization etc., is the closest value to \lstinline!0.0! consistent with the bounds shall be used.
```

Still, it would be good to expand the "algorithm initialization etc." part.  If nothing else, that should help us see the scope of this PR.

Author: That part has now been removed, and fall-back value defined more clearly (once).

The \lstinline!nominal! attribute is meant to be used for scaling purposes and to
define tolerances in relative terms, see \cref{attributes-start-fixed-nominal-and-unbounded}.

> The fall-back value is the closest value to \lstinline!0.0! consistent with the bounds.

Reviewer: Being explicit doesn't hurt:
```suggestion
The fall-back value is the closest value to \lstinline!0.0! consistent with the \lstinlin!min! and \lstinline!max! bounds.
```

The minimal recommended number range for \lstinline!IntegerType! is from -2147483648 to +2147483647, corresponding to a two's-complement 32-bit integer implementation.

> The fall-back value is the closest value to \lstinline!0! consistent with the bounds.

Reviewer: Being explicit about which bounds doesn't hurt:
```suggestion
The fallback value is the closest value to \lstinline!0! consistent with the \lstinlin!min! and \lstinline!max! bounds.
```

end E;
\end{lstlisting}

> The fall-back value is the smallest value consistent with the bounds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fallback value is the smallest value consistent with the \lstinlin!min! and \lstinline!max! bounds.
```

> The fallback value is the smallest value consistent with the \lstinline!min! and \lstinline!max! bounds.

Reviewer: I suppose we could simplify this case:
```suggestion
The fallback value is the \lstinline!min! bound.
```
